Simple controller for LED's. 

= Methods =

*!LedControl.turnOn*(pin)

 Turn the LED on.

 * *pin*: Pin where the LED is connected.

*!LedControl.turnOn*(pin, delayMilliseconds)

 Turn the LED on smoothly like a "fade in" effect. *Depends on PWM*.

 * *pin*: Pin where the LED is connected.
 * *delayMilliseconds*: Time in milliseconds to become completely power-on.

*!LedControl.turnOff*(pin)

 Turn the LED off.

 * *pin*: Pin where the LED is connected.

*!LedControl.turnOff*(pin, delayMilliseconds)

 Turn the LED off smoothly like a "fade out" effect. *Depends on PWM*.

 * *pin*: Pin where the LED is connected.
 * *delayMilliseconds*: Time in milliseconds to become completely power-off.

*!LedControl.turnPercent*(pin, percent)

 Set a custom power level for a LED. *Depends on PWM*.

 * *pin*: Pin where the LED is connected.
 * *pin*: Time in milliseconds to become completely power-off.

*!LedControl.loop*()

 Event handler process loop. Must be added to main '*loop*()' function.

= Events =

 * *onChange*: Happens once when a new value is readed.

= Comments =

 The *hysteresis* parameter is useful to avoid too many oscillations when reading a value due to some noise. When defined as greater than 0, the *onChange* event is launched only when the value changes is greater or equal this parameter.

 Once the *onChange* occurs, the value must be readed from *!AnalogPortInformation->value*. This value is obtained using *analogRead*() and stay between 0 to 1023 that represents the analog reference of input voltage. Look for more information in the  [http://www.arduino.cc/en/Reference/AnalogRead Arduino Reference page].

= Example =

 In this example we configure the analog pin 1 to read values from a potentiometer with an hysteresis value of 3:

{{{
#include <AnalogEvent.h>

void setup() {
  AnalogEvent.addAnalogPort(1,        //potentiometer pin
                            onChange, //onChange event function
                            3);       //hysteresis
  
  Serial.begin(9600);
}

void loop() {
  AnalogEvent.loop();
}

void onChange(AnalogPortInformation* Sender) {
  Serial.print("Analog (pin:");
  Serial.print(Sender->pin);
  Serial.print(") changed to: ");
  Serial.print(Sender->value);
  Serial.println("!");
}
}}}