Simple time scheduler.

= Methods =

*!TimedEvent.addTimer*(intervalMillis, onEvent)

 Add a new timer and start it immediately.

 * *intervalMillis*: Time interval in miliseconds.
 * *onEvent*: Method called on onEvent events.

*!TimedEvent.addTimer*(eventId, intervalMillis, onEvent)

 Add a new timer with an associated ID. With this method the event is not started immediately and must be controled with *start(eventId)* and *stop(eventId)* methods.

 * *eventId*: Associated event ID. 
 * *intervalMillis*: Time interval in miliseconds.
 * *onEvent*: Method called on scheduled events.

*!TimedEvent.start*(eventId)

 Start an event timer.

 * *eventId*: Associated event ID.

*!TimedEvent.stop*(eventId)

 Stop an event timer.

 * *eventId*: Associated event ID.

*!ButtonEvent.loop*()

 Event handler process loop. Must be added to main '*loop*()' function.

= Events =

 * *onDown*: Happens once when the interval elapses.
 
= Example =

 In this example one event (event1) is used to control when the another one (event2) is started and stoped at regular intervals while they send data through Serial Monitor:
 
{{{
#include <TimedEvent.h>

#define CONTROLLED_TIMER 1

bool flag = true;

void setup() {
  Serial.begin(9600);

  //event 1
  TimedEvent.addTimer(5000, event1);
  //event 2
  TimedEvent.addTimer(CONTROLLED_TIMER, 500, event2);
  TimedEvent.start(CONTROLLED_TIMER);
}

void loop() {
  TimedEvent.loop();
}

void event1(TimerInformation* Sender) {
  Serial.print("event1: ");
  if (flag=!flag) {
    TimedEvent.start(CONTROLLED_TIMER);
    Serial.println("START!");
  } else {
    TimedEvent.stop(CONTROLLED_TIMER);
    Serial.println("STOP!");
  }
}

void event2(TimerInformation* Sender) {
    Serial.println("event2!!");  
}
}}}